[YBA] [docs] Document serviceAccount helm value (#22299)
yugabyte/yugabyte-db: docs/content/preview/yugabyte-platform/install-yugabyte-platform/install-software/kubernetes.md

If you are looking for a customization which is not listed, you can view all the supported options and their default values by running the `helm show values yugabytedb/yugaware --version {{<yb-version version="preview" format="short">}}` command and copying the specific section to your own values file.

### Customize the creation of an internal service account

> By default, the Helm chart will attempt to create a service account that has certain ClusterRoles listed here. These roles are used to do the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the Helm chart will attempt to create a service account that has certain ClusterRoles listed [here](https://github.com/yugabyte/charts/blob/master/stable/yugaware/templates/rbac.yaml#L166). These roles are used to do the following:
```

1. Enable YBA to collect resource metrics such as CPU and memory from the Kubernetes nodes.
1. Create YugabyteDB deployments in new namespaces.

> To customize this behavior and potentially lose some of the functionality above, you can set the `serviceAccount` value to a pre-existing service account that you've already created. We recommend that you atleast grant this service account the cluster roles listed in the "required to scrape" section in [this file](https://github.com/yugabyte/charts/blob/master/stable/yugaware/templates/rbac.yaml#L166) along with a namespace admin role. To completely disable this behavior, you can set the `rbac.create` value to false. Note that, without the ability to create new namespaces, YugabyteDB Anywhere must be [configured with a pre-created namespace](../../../configure-yugabyte-platform/kubernetes/#configure-region-and-zones). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To customize this behavior and potentially lose some of the functionality above, you can set the `serviceAccount` value to a pre-existing service account that you've already created. It is recommended that you atleast grant this service account the cluster roles listed in the "required to scrape" section of the [rbac configuration file](https://github.com/yugabyte/charts/blob/master/stable/yugaware/templates/rbac.yaml#L166), along with a namespace admin role. To completely disable this behavior, set the `rbac.create` value to false. Note that without the ability to create new namespaces, YugabyteDB Anywhere must be [configured with a pre-created namespace](../../../configure-yugabyte-platform/kubernetes/#configure-region-and-zones). 
```
